Meower Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Draft
Please note that this document isn’t written by professional lawyers and may contain errors. If you observe a mistake that may be harmful to Meower or the client, please let us know at https://scratch.mit.edu/discuss/topic/508318.

Last revision: October 27, 2021.

Breaking our Terms of Use may result in any of the following moderation actions being taken by a capable moderator.

Being kicked from Meower
Being indefinitely banned from Meower
Any devices connected to the offending IP address being banned from Meower
Being banned from any affiliates or direct partners of Meower Media Co
Please note that Meower Media Co isn’t a legal entity, but merely an alias of Meower’s collaborators.

Hereafter, “we”/“our”/“us” refers to Meower Media Co, and “you” refers to a user of Meower.

Our Terms of Use
If you are legally a minor, we are required to obtain both your consent and your parent’s consent to use the service. If you’re over the age of (13), you are able to freely use Meower without us acquiring parental consent.

If we notice suspicious account activity, we must notify you of suspicious activity and may have to lock your account to protect Meower. “Suspicious account activity” strictly includes:
a. Too many failed login attempts
b. Too many posts flagged for moderation

Our Privacy Policy
We don’t try collect any personally identifying information
*Please note that if you put in your real name, we are not legally responsable to any thing that happen in or out of Meower.
a. This includes real names, dates of birth, gender info, geographic data, etc.
b. Your IP address will be collected when signing up to ensure security.

We only store information needed to make our service work, strictly including:
a. Usernames and hashed passwords for authentication
b. Your profile description and profile icon
c. Posts, comments, messages, and/or threads you create/reply to
d. Basic diagnostic data (Timestamps of logins/logouts, timestamps of failed login attempts, timestamps of moderated posts/comments/messages/threads)
e. People you friend
f. Reputation data (“+Meows”, “-Meows”)
g. Your current state of authentication (to verify account activity and determine if an account has gone inactive)

You have the right to view, manage, and/or delete your account, diagnostics data, or content you’ve shared on Meower

If a data breach occurs in Meower, we will notify you as soon as possible

If we ever make changes to our policies, we will notify you as soon as possible

All data is to be treated equally

We don’t guarantee the stability or functionality of Meower, and it may be terminated at any time without warning

We are required to moderate posts, comments, messages, and threads to keep our service safe for everyone

We aren’t lawyers and we don’t have lawyers. Everything you see here is all-encompassing

We are not evil, and shall not become evil (remove?)

Meower won’t become closed-source
It will remain FOSS (Free and Open-Source) for the betterment of ourselves and our posterity

You are required to:
a. Respect other individuals’ rights and privacy
b. Refrain from spamming, scamming, impersonating, or otherwise harassing other people using our service
c. Keep all posts/comments/messages/threads PG-13 friendly, and absolutely never cause pornographic or vulgar content to be shared
d. Respect the will of other individuals using the service
e. Respect other entities intellectual property rights (No content copyrighted by anyone other than Meower is permitted to be shared unless you have explicit written permission to share said content)
f. Agree to our policies to use the service

We are required to:
a. Keep our service safe for all individuals (moderation)
b. Respect the privacy of all our users
c. Protect the rights of all our users
d. Keep the service operational and protect the service from malicious activity
e. Maintain security measures to keep communications safe and secure
f. Comply with local and international legislation regarding user privacy and data collection
g. Be respectful

We cannot and shall not share/sell any of our collected data with outside entities

We will not sell items and data related to Meower or attempt to make a profit off of users.
a. We will not sell any item or merchandise relating to Meower.
b. We will not attempt to make Meower into a pay-to-use project.
c. We will not sell or promote any paid items or products not related to Meower or its affiliates on Meower.
d. We will not steal or collect banking and money-related information from users.
e. We will not demand payment from a Meower user for any reason.
f. We are not responsible for the selling of any Meower-related item, you may buy or sell these items at your own risk.
g. We are not responsible if you have been defrauded by any person or website claiming to have any paid item or information relating to Meower.
